                           ---->ABOUT THE TOOL<----
The storyteller helper is a tool that comes in aid to the storyteller player in
a game of mafia. For clarifications about the gameplay of mafia search for the
game on the internet.

                          ---->VERSION OF THE GAME<----
This version of the game consists of 5 different characters:
TOWN: police officer, escort and doctor
MAFIA: killer
NEUTRAL: jester
    The town's purpose is to find all members of the mafia and hang them during
the day phase.
    The mafia wins when their number of players is half or more of the number of
living players.
    The neutrals have their own purposes and they usually win separately from the
other players.
    The police officer investigates a player every night in search of the mafia.
If the selected player is a member of the mafia, the storyteller will give the
officer a thumbs-up. Otherwise, the officer will receive a thumbs-down.
    The escort will divert a player each night from doing their task. When a
player has been visited by the escort, they will still be able to choose a
target, but their skill will have no effect in that night. In case of the police
officer, when they choose a target, the storyteller will have to act like they
don't know the answer, for example by giving them a shrug.
    The doctor will heal a player each night. If the visited player has been
injured in that night, then the doctor will cancel the effect of that injury. In
this version of the game the number of heals the doctor can use upon himself has
been reduced to 0.
    The killer inflicts fatal injuries to players each night. If the mortally
injured player isn't visited by the doctor in that night, the next day the
player will die.
    The jester has no special ability, his only purpose is to be hanged during
the day phase. If that happens, the jester wins on his own.

                        ---->HOW TO USE THE TOOL<----
    ALL INPUTS ARE TO BE NUMBERS INTRODUCED FROM KEYBOARD FOLLOWED BY ENTER KEY.
    Before beginning, assign each player a number that will represent them during the
whole game.
    You can choose whether to assign roles manually or automatically. Either way, you
will have to make sure that each player only knows which their role is. The method
that you will be using to notify the players is at your choice.
    In the night phase introduce each player's choice after waking them up. You may
choose whether to wake up players like the jester or dead players, but normally,
dead players should be woken up too, so that the rest of the players left alive will
NOT know which characters are still in the game.
    In the day phase, you will have to organise the proposals and prosecutions of
the living players. If there will be a player that gets more than half of the votes
and gets more votes than other players, the number of the condemned player will be
introduced. Otherwise, you may introduce anything else other than a number associated
with a living player.
